======= REPORT =======
50 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testDateSerialization_add4961_add4995null5206_failAssert119(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4961_add4995null5206 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add4961_add4999null5280_failAssert137(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4961_add4999null5280 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add10_add117null1507_failAssert85(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add10_add117null1507 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternlitString4null64_failAssert8(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternlitString4null64 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull13_failAssert4litString89_add766(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull13 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull13_failAssert4litString89_add760(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull13 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add4960_add4993null5287_failAssert127(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4960_add4993null5287 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add4960null5012_failAssert110_add5160(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4960null5012 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add10null134_failAssert25(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add10null134 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add10_add119null1568_failAssert49(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add10_add119null1568 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add4960null5012_failAssert110(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4960null5012 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add10_add106null1527_failAssert67(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add10_add106null1527 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternlitString7null121_failAssert12(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternlitString7null121 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull13_failAssert4_add113(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull13 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull13_failAssert4_add115(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull13 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerializationnull4963_failAssert107(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerializationnull4963 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add10_add106null1524_failAssert69(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add10_add106null1524 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull13_failAssert4litString95_add675(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull13 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add10_add123null1592_failAssert83(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add10_add123null1592 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add11null126_failAssert32(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add11null126 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull13_failAssert4litString92(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull13 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull13_failAssert4litString95(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull13 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull13_failAssert4litString89(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull13 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add9_add170null1492_failAssert75(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add9_add170null1492 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add4960_add4993null5293_failAssert129(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4960_add4993null5293 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternlitString2null63_failAssert6(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternlitString2null63 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add4960null5012_failAssert110_add5143(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4960null5012 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add4960null5012_failAssert110_add5142(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4960null5012 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull13_failAssert4_add105(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull13 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull13_failAssert4_add109(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull13 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternlitString8null94_failAssert14(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternlitString8null94 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add4960null5012_failAssert110_add5149(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4960null5012 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add4961null5015_failAssert112(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4961null5015 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add9null174_failAssert20(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add9null174 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add10_add112null1392_failAssert54(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add10_add112null1392 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add9null175_failAssert21(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add9null175 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add4960null5011_failAssert109(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4960null5011 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull13_failAssert4litString82(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull13 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull13_failAssert4(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull13 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add11_add104null1241_failAssert91(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add11_add104null1241 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add4961_add4991null5200_failAssert133(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4961_add4991null5200 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull13_failAssert4litString78(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull13 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add9_add170null1488_failAssert72(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add9_add170null1488 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add4962null5001_failAssert115(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4962null5001 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add4961_add4991null5205_failAssert131(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4961_add4991null5205 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternlitString6null99_failAssert10(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternlitString6null99 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add4961_add5007null5231_failAssert145(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4961_add5007null5231 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add4961_add5003null5148_failAssert123(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4961_add5003null5148 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add4962_add4985null5219_failAssert138(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4962_add4985null5219 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add4960null5012_failAssert110_add5154(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add4960null5012 should have thrown NullPointerException
