======= REPORT =======
176 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1521_literalMutationNumber1733(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1521_literalMutationNumber1731(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString62_add580(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1515_literalMutationNumber1783_failAssert36(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_add1834_literalMutationNumber3385_failAssert61(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add70_add728(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1521_literalMutationNumber1734(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1522_add1719(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1513_add1817(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString18_add449(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_literalMutationNumber1655(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1522_add1722(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1514_literalMutationNumber1771(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1514_literalMutationNumber1777(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_literalMutationNumber1658(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1517_add1637_add2947(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_literalMutationNumber1736(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1523_literalMutationNumber1578(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_literalMutationNumber1738(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_literalMutationNumber1825(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1521(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_add1834_add3489(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1522(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_literalMutationNumber1653(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString60_add299(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add70_add734(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_add1679_literalMutationNumber3678(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1521_add1756_literalMutationNumber3740(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1513_add1817_literalMutationNumber3635(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString49(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1514_add1804_add3360(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1523_literalMutationNumber1583(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1514_literalMutationNumber1773_failAssert37(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1514_add1804_add3362(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString44(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1523_literalMutationNumber1588(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString43(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1526_add1615_literalMutationNumber2800(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString42(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_add56(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1518(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString41(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1517(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_add54(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString47(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_add55(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString46(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString45(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1518_add1611(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_add1679_literalMutationNumber3680(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString61_add483(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1513_literalMutationNumber1782(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString64(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1513_literalMutationNumber1785(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1515_literalMutationNumber1791(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString62(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString63(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString60(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString61(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1517_literalMutationNumber1628(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1517_literalMutationNumber1630(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1514_add1808(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_add1679_literalMutationNumber3676(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1526_add1615_add2826(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_add50_failAssert2(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add69_add685(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1526_add1615_add2820(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1513_add1820(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1515_literalMutationNumber1781(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString61_add490(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1514_add1804(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_add48(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1517_add1637_add2954(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString59(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1517_add1637_add2951(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_literalMutationNumber1694(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_add52(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_add51(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString23_add334(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString23_add330(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_literalMutationNumber1813(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_add1834(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1526_literalMutationNumber1590(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1526_add1615(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add69_add679(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_add1835(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1526_add1615_add2830(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1526_add1619(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1515_add1815(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1518_literalMutationNumber1577(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1526_literalMutationNumber1586(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString64_add545(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1526_literalMutationNumber1582(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString64_add549(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString17(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_add1681(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1518_literalMutationNumber1581(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1518_literalMutationNumber1585(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1523_add1624_literalMutationNumber2430(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1523_add1624(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString15(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add68(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add69(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1517_literalMutationNumber1632(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1522_literalMutationNumber1698(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1515_add1815_add3298(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1522_literalMutationNumber1697(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1523_add1624_literalMutationNumber2422(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString59_add364(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1523_add1624_literalMutationNumber2426(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add66(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString59_add368(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add67(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add65(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1515_add1815_add3292(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1522_literalMutationNumber1695(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1517_add1637_literalMutationNumber2936(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1517_add1639(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1517_add1637_literalMutationNumber2935(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1517_add1637_literalMutationNumber2938(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_add1679(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1517_add1637(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString23(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString21(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString20(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1513(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString60_add284(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1514(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString27(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1526(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString25(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1514_add1804_add3356(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add70(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1526_add1615_literalMutationNumber2798(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1518_add1609(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_add1761_literalMutationNumber3528(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString20_add287(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_add53_failAssert4(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1523(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_add1761_literalMutationNumber3524(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString29(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1525(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1524(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_add1761_literalMutationNumber3526(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1515(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1515_add1815_literalMutationNumber3252_failAssert60(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_add1761(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString62_add595(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString33(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_add1762(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString31(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString36(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString18_add454(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString35(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString18(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1515_add1815_add3301(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1526_add1615_literalMutationNumber2796(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_literalMutationNumber1816_failAssert38(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString20_add278(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1521_add1756(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1521_add1757(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1518_add1609_literalMutationNumber3594(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1515_add1818(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_add1834_add3494(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1518_add1609_literalMutationNumber3595(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_add1834_add3495(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1518_add1609_literalMutationNumber3592(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1514_add1804_literalMutationNumber3319_failAssert62(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
