======= REPORT =======
97 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add391_add2484(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add151_add1425(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add132_add1938(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add151_add1420(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add151_add1385(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add151_add1393(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add151_literalMutationString1348(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add154_add1648(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add370_add1595(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add376(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add391_add2479(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add391(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_add14_literalMutationString117_failAssert12(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add391_add2498(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add134_add1870(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add151_literalMutationString1356(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add151_add1398(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add391_add2490(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add154_add1656(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_literalMutationString335(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add391_literalMutationString2430(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add370_add1601(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add151_add1403(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add370_add1565(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add151_add1408(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add154_literalMutationString1613(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add370_add1608(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add391_literalMutationString2436(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add132_add1997(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add154_add1661(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add151_add1372(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add154_literalMutationString1571(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add154_add1668(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add132_add1991(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add370(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add370_add1614(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add151_literalMutationString1334(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add154_literalMutationString1605(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add151_add1413(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add151_add1378(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add154_add1674(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add376_add2347(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add376_add2344(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add132_add2036(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add151_literalMutationString1339(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_add10_literalMutationString126_failAssert27(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): expected:<[Expecting number, got: STRING]> but was:<[com.google.gson.stream.MalformedJsonException: Use JsonReader.setLenient(true) to accept malformed JSON at line 1 column 4 path $]>
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add370_add1545(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add160(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_literalMutationString352(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add391_literalMutationString2418(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add154_literalMutationString1598(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add134_add1824(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add154(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add151(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add370_add1551(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add370_add1556(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_literalMutationString344(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add391_add2454(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_add10_literalMutationString157_failAssert29(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add391_literalMutationString2424(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add154_add1691(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString4_failAssert3_add259_literalMutationString1459_failAssert89(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add154_add1697(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add391_add2447(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_add17_literalMutationString392_failAssert22(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_add14_literalMutationString123_failAssert11(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_add17_literalMutationString377_failAssert24(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add154_add1628(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add391_add2461(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString4_failAssert3_add243_literalMutationString1223_failAssert57(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add134_add1842(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_add10_literalMutationString150_failAssert28(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add134_add1849(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_add14_literalMutationString129_failAssert13(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add132(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add132_add2002(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add376_add2376(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString4_failAssert3_add254_literalMutationString1068_failAssert64(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add134(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add395(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add391_add2474(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add370_add1535(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add154_add1639(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_literalMutationString114(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_literalMutationString112(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_literalMutationString106(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString4_failAssert3_add263_literalMutationString1136_failAssert92(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add376_add2429(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add376_add2387(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add370_add1540(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add370_literalMutationString1513(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add154_add1633(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add376_add2382(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add391_add2469(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add391_add2502(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
