======= REPORT =======
114 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10_literalMutationNumber271(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5_add204(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5_add206(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_add120(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10_add309(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_add118_add2093(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_literalMutationNumber68(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_add118_add2090(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1_add259(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1_add258(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5_literalMutationNumber157(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_add173_add1985(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_add173_add1988(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_add118_add2082(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8_add265_literalMutationNumber1497(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_add174_add2042(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_add174_add2046(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_literalMutationNumber146(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5_add204_literalMutationNumber1625(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_literalMutationNumber145(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_literalMutationNumber144(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5_add204_literalMutationNumber1623(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5_add204_literalMutationNumber1620(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_literalMutationNumber142_failAssert2(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7_add304(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7_add302(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7_literalMutationNumber273(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7_literalMutationNumber279(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7_literalMutationNumber276(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_literalMutationNumber84(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_add173_literalMutationNumber1915_failAssert26(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_add174_add2051(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_add178(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_add174(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5_literalMutationNumber137(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_add175(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_literalMutationNumber159(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10_add309_literalMutationNumber1458(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString9(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10_add309_literalMutationNumber1456(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10_add309_literalMutationNumber1454(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString9_literalMutationNumber297(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_literalMutationNumber198(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8_add265_literalMutationNumber1503(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString9_literalMutationNumber295(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString9_literalMutationNumber292(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_add124(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_add125(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_add173(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add11_add128(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_literalMutationNumber141(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add11_literalMutationNumber90(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8_add265_literalMutationNumber1500(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_add118_literalMutationNumber2023_failAssert27(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_add210_add2237(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1_literalMutationNumber242(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_add124_literalMutationNumber1226(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_literalMutationNumber87_failAssert3(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_add210_add2239(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add11_add128_literalMutationNumber918(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_add210_add2232(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1_literalMutationNumber245(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add11_add128_literalMutationNumber910(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add11_literalMutationNumber85(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_add210_literalMutationNumber2121_failAssert28(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add11_literalMutationNumber82(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7_add302_literalMutationNumber1715(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add11_add128_literalMutationNumber914(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_add124_literalMutationNumber1220(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7_add302_literalMutationNumber1713(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_literalMutationNumber93(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_add124_literalMutationNumber1223(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7_add302_literalMutationNumber1711(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_add124_add1237(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8_add265(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5_literalMutationNumber160(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8_add268(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1_add258_literalMutationNumber1556(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1_add258_literalMutationNumber1555(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_add173_add1979(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8_literalMutationNumber227(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_add174_literalMutationNumber2020(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_add174_literalMutationNumber2022(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_literalMutationNumber192_failAssert4(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8_literalMutationNumber223(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8_literalMutationNumber222(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_add174_literalMutationNumber2025(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_add212(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString9_add316(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_add210(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString9_add314(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10_add311(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_literalMutationNumber70(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_literalMutationNumber71(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10_literalMutationNumber277(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_add124_add1241(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_add118(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10_literalMutationNumber274(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add11(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_literalMutationNumber190(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add12(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_add124_add1244(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add13(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
