======= REPORT =======
150 amplified test fails on the new versions.
constructorIterable_order_add2_add77_add1199(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add100_add866(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add100_add862(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add131_add1077(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add64_add983(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add77_add1195(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add100_add869(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add3_add122_add1035(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add123_add1020(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add80_add655(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add96_add673(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add64_add975(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add80_add650(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add3_add126_add847(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add73_add1193(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add134_add1062(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add80_add659(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add96_add677(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add134_add1066(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add134_add1069(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add139_add676(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add142_add1177(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add100_add857(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add64_add964(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add5_add150(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add64_add969(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add96_add681(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add139_add678(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add128_add897(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add73_add1186(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add73_add1189(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add73(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add139_add682(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add70(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add142(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add139_add685(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add102_add766(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add67_add842(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add77(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add3_add126_add860(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add5_add140(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add70_add970(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add70_add976(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add67_add837(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add5_add149(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add5_add148(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add5_add147(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add139(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add5_add144(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add128(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add5_add144_add701(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add80(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add4_add108(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add131_add1081(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add67_add855(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add131_add1086(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add67_add850(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add64_add992(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add70_add963(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add67_add846(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add131(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add145(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add146(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add3_add126_add853(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add136(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add4_add113(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add134(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add146_add1030(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add136_add881(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add4_add118(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add146_add1036(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add136_add885(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add105_add824(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add145_add925(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add142_add1153(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add4_add108_add1194(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add102_add782(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add128_add904(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add145_add929(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add70_add955(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add3_add126(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add145_add921(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add125(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add3_add122(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add123(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add64(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add146_add1042(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add146_add1047(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add102_add775(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add136_add877(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add4_add113_add679(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add67_add831(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add67(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add102_add778(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add102_add771(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add125_add876(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add67_add825(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add70_add943(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add4_add138(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add5_add144_add696(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add100(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add5_add140_add576(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add5_add144_add698(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add145_add932(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add102(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add105(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add70_add948(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add4_add113_add683(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add139_add644(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add123_add1040(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add105_add806(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add4_add113_add686(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add105_add801(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add142_add1165(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add4_add141(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add128_add808(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add142_add1171(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add64_add957(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add128_add802(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add125_add884(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add128_add888(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add125_add880(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add4_add143(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add70_add938(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add3_add129(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add77_add1203(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add5(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add100_add872(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add4(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add146_add1024(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add3(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add105_add817(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add142_add1159(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add2_add64_add950(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add123_add1034(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add105_add812(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add123_add1027(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add128_add918(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7_add145_add916(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove6_add96(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add3_add135(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add128_add910(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add3_add137(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add3_add132(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_add1_add125_add891(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
constructorIterable_order_remove7(org.apache.commons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparatorTest): null
